The array slice implementation (#11949)
crate/crate: docs/general/dql/selects.rst

the array element at index ``n`` is compared. To compare against *any* array
element, see :ref:`sql_dql_any_array`.

The slice of array elements can be selected from the ``landmarks`` column
with ``landmarks[from:to]``, where ``from`` and ``to`` are the integer array indices, like so::

    cr> select name, landmarks[1:2] from locations
    ... where name = 'Frogstar';
    +----------+-------------------------------------------+
    | name     | array_slice(landmarks, 1, 2)              |
    +----------+-------------------------------------------+
    | Frogstar | ["Total Perspective Vortex", "Milliways"] |
    +----------+-------------------------------------------+
    SELECT 1 row in set (... sec)

> When the ``from`` index is omitted, then the slice starts from the first element.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the ``from`` index is omitted, then the slice starts from the first element.

::

```

Author: https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/11949/commits/74d2ed1e691196f264d8233e355ae6b772a0a3bf#diff-cf280b3c8351b1cbc17f43814ad519b3bd84f689567c804270874604fe0aba2cR706

    cr> select name, landmarks[:2] from locations
    ... where name = 'Frogstar';
    +----------+-------------------------------------------+
    | name     | array_slice(landmarks, NULL, 2)           |
    +----------+-------------------------------------------+
    | Frogstar | ["Total Perspective Vortex", "Milliways"] |
    +----------+-------------------------------------------+
    SELECT 1 row in set (... sec)

> When the ``to`` index is omitted, then the slice take
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the ``to`` index is omitted, then the slice uses the size of the array as
an upper-bound.

:: 

```

Author: https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/11949/commits/74d2ed1e691196f264d8233e355ae6b772a0a3bf#diff-cf280b3c8351b1cbc17f43814ad519b3bd84f689567c804270874604fe0aba2cR717-R718
